docs: the-guild-docs for documentation and vercel for hosting and deployment (#20)
the-guild-org/Stack: CONTRIBUTING.md

We make use of [Github Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) for all our CI/CD pipelines. You might want to check the `.github` folder within the root of every repository if you would like to dig into the pipeline for some reason.

#### The Guild Docs, Documentation

> We make use of [the-guild-docs](https://github.com/the-guild-org/the-guild-docs) for conveniently and consistently developing all our project websites and docs which is backed by Jamstack, React and MDX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We make use of [the-guild-docs](https://github.com/the-guild-org/the-guild-docs) for conveniently and consistently developing all our project websites and docs which is backed by Next.js, React and MDX.
```
